[Inference API] Add image-text-to-text task and fix `generate` script (#1440)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/api-inference/tasks/chat-completion.md

```py
from huggingface_hub import InferenceClient

client = InferenceClient(api_key="hf_***")

for message in client.chat_completion(
	model="google/gemma-2-2b-it",
	messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "What is the capital of France?"}],
	max_tokens=500,
	stream=True,
):
    print(message.choices[0].delta.content, end="")
```

> To use the Python client, see `huggingface_hub`'s [package reference](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/package_reference/inference_client#huggingface_hub.InferenceClient.conversational_text-generation).

Reviewer: This should be kept as `chat_completion`

	model="microsoft/Phi-3.5-vision-instruct",
	messages=[
		{
			"role": "user",
			"content": [
				{"type": "image_url", "image_url": {"url": image_url}},
				{"type": "text", "text": "Describe this image in one sentence."},
			],
		}
	],
	max_tokens=500,
	stream=True,
):
	print(message.choices[0].delta.content, end="")
```

To use the Python client, see `huggingface_hub`'s [package reference](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/package_reference/inference_client#huggingface_hub.InferenceClient.conversational_image-text-to-text).
</python>

<js>
```js
import { HfInference } from "@huggingface/inference";

const inference = new HfInference("hf_***");
const imageUrl = "https://cdn.britannica.com/61/93061-050-99147DCE/Statue-of-Liberty-Island-New-York-Bay.jpg";

for await (const chunk of inference.chatCompletionStream({
	model: "microsoft/Phi-3.5-vision-instruct",
	messages: [
		{
			"role": "user",
			"content": [
				{"type": "image_url", "image_url": {"url": imageUrl}},
				{"type": "text", "text": "Describe this image in one sentence."},
			],
		}
	],
	max_tokens: 500,
})) {
	process.stdout.write(chunk.choices[0]?.delta?.content || "");
}
```

> To use the JavaScript client, see `huggingface.js`'s [package reference](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface.js/inference/classes/HfInference#conversationalimage-text-to-text).

Reviewer: (same here)

```suggestion
To use the JavaScript client, see `huggingface.js`'s [package reference](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface.js/inference/classes/HfInference#chatcompletion).
```
